# Atrrition-prediction
Employees are an organization's most precious resource. Because of the high expense of professional training, the built-up loyalty over time, and the sensitivity of particular organizational roles, it's critical to figure out who could be leaving. Employee attrition can occur for a variety of reasons. Several machine learning algorithms are created in this study to forecast staff attrition automatically and reliably. This study uses the IBM attrition dataset to train and assess machine learning models such as Logistic Regression, Random Forest, and Gaussian Naive Bayes. The ultimate aim is to effectively detect attrition in order to assist any firm in improving key employee retention techniques and increasing employee pleasure.
The IBM HR Analytics Employee Attrition & Performance dataset is used in this study. Age, education, gender, and rate are all included in this information. There are 1470 observations in all, with 35 different qualities. Although the IBM dataset is fictional, it includes qualities that can be used to simulate real-world HR issues, and its attributes are readily available to HR depaertments in any firm. The dataset, for example, includes parameters such as the number of years since the last promotion, years spent at the company, number of companies the person has worked for, and training times in the previous year There were 35 attributes in total, two of which were the same for all data samples, namely standard hours and personnel count.
There are several different models will be used in this research to predict the attrition decision of employees: Logistic Regression, Decision Tree anf Naive Bayes. In this project, homogeneous ensembles will be build base on 3 models: Logistic Regression, Decision Tree and Naïve Bayes. In addition, the the harding voting ensemble will be the technique that apply into the problem. 
